Replaced anchor example for an image example (#29157)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn/html/introduction_to_html/getting_started/index.md

### Active learning: Adding attributes to an element

> The `<img>` element can take a number of attributes, but several are as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `<img>` element can take a number of attributes, including:
```

- `src`

>   - : The `src` attribute is a **required** attribute that specifies the location of the image. This can be a website or a file path. For example, from a website: `src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mdn/beginner-html-site/gh-pages/images/firefox-icon.png"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : The `src` attribute is a **required** attribute that specifies the location of the image. For example: `src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mdn/beginner-html-site/gh-pages/images/firefox-icon.png"`.
```

"a website or a file path" isn't quite right, it would be better to say "a URL" but we haven't talked about these yet. But I think it is OK to omit this bit entirely.

- `alt`

>   - : The `alt` attribute specifies an alternative text description of the image. For a number of reasons, a browser may not display an image and will instead replace the image with the text. For example: `alt="The Firefox icon"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : The `alt` attribute specifies a text description of the image. For example: `alt="The Firefox icon"`.
```

- `width`

>   - : The `width` attribute specifies the width of the image with the unit being pixels. For example: `width="300"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : The `width` attribute specifies the width of the image with the unit being pixels. For example: `width="300"`.
```

- `height`

>   - : The `height` attribute specifies the height of the image with the unit being pixels. For example: `height="300"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : The `height` attribute specifies the height of the image with the unit being pixels. For example: `height="300"`.
```

> Edit the line below in the _Input_ area to turn it into an image. (Note: The sample window can only take in images from the web since it can't access files from your machine.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Edit the line below in the _Input_ area to turn it into an image.
```

(I think this instruction is a bit unclear and I'm not sure how to clarify it without talking about absolute and relative URLs, which the reader is not ready for yet. But hopefully it won't be needed, given that we have quite explicit instructions about how to set `src`.)

1. Find your favorite image online, right click it, and press _Copy Image Link/Address_.
2. Back in the area below, add the `src` attribute and fill it with the link from step 1.

> 3. Change the `alt` attribute

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Set the `alt` attribute.
```
